hey youtube it's her host I to i-35 and
I just want to talk about Obama how much
he has failed his presidency I won't
even call him president since he doesn't
even come close to the standard being a
president at all and I just want to say
that since being elected obama has lied
about bringing the troops home lied
about repealing the Patriot Act lied
about stopping the legal wiretapping of
Americans lied about renegotiating NAFTA
lied about not hiring lobbyists and
donors lied about cleaning up government
lied about closing the torture camps in
Guantanamo Bay lied about waiting five
days before signing any new laws and so
on the only change we've seen under this
guy's watch is more dead troops more
unemployment more illegals coming across
the border more lies more thievery on
Wall Street more reckless debt spending
Washington more Americans losing their
homes etc this man has made empty
promises and empty speeches and empty
words and I liked my heart goes to this
amazing intelligent common sense man
alan keyes I daresay that if alan keyes
ever became elected to the White House
he would have been able to add a whole
necklace and earrings to Lady Liberty
that's just a figure of speech since
Lady Liberty represents the United
States of America that's mainly it would
be more glorious or amazing and
prosperous and more recognized as the
greatest nation on earth and such as
alike but you know Alan Keyes he is
specifically articulate and precise and
complete sentences in his statements and
it's a real real mystery how he lost out
on the Illinois Senate debate I just
think the news these days is so bias and
liberal that they don't really like give
credit to those who are willing to do
the right thing they don't like show
them off instead they say oh this person
who can wind that person is going to end
this and I'm and then people just go
along with it and so on it's just like
not the way not how a nation works and
so on and barry soetoro AKA obama he
should be thrown out of the White House
until he learns better I mean Obama has
lied like more than bush
and I just don't get this guy like what
is it with him like I thought it
promised change or whatever like but
anyway like he's liberal and buys a
lying liberal I tell you that much and
next me technically alan keyes he would
of i say yes we can to this man alan
keyes and he i think he brings true hope
to the united states of america because
he's willing to do the right thing and I
think if he became president like he was
willing to dramatically lower in and
simplify the taxes and force the
immigration laws protect the borders
institute English as our as the official
language be a great national defense
president and protect the rights and
freedoms of America etc and plus his
three major plans was to stop abortion
half-god returned to the schools and
stop the income tax or you say oh god
Roger the school they're going to start
stoning their children again look you
just do not understand the Bible has the
Old Testament for a reason we're
supposed to understand the history of
the Jews but now that jesus christ the
savior of the world has come things have
changed as simple as that and my heart
goes to this man alan keyes who is
willing to do the right thing revive
america but as long as obama is in
president as president the united states
or any other like such person such as
him who doesn't even come close to be to
deserving to be even called president
America will keep going down the toilet
and or even end up in the sewers alan
keyes even though he's not in the White
House really comes so close to the
standard of being called president I
tell you that much because he is wise
he's intelligent and he speaks in
complete sentences all the time and he
does not mean notes or teleprompter and
he doesn't say like Obama does and I'm
really looking forward to the tea party
at sea where alan keyes is going to be
on that giant ship starting September
19th speaking of the Independent Party
the tea party at sea I tell you alan
keyes 2012 true change true hope and
true first full black president
amen